[exaggerate (v): to make something seem larger, better, worse or more important than it really is
Example: - The hotel was really filthy and I'm not exaggerateing.
exaggerate something: He tends to exaggerate the difficulties.
I'm sure he exaggerates his Irish accent(=tries to sound more Irish than he really is).
Demand for the product has been greately exaggerated.]

[depicting (v): to show an image of somebody/something in a picture. depict somebody/something(as somebody/something): a painting depicting the Virgin and Child. depict somebody/something doing something: The artist had depicted her lying on a bed.]

[lithograph (n): something print to the jade]

[rivival (n): an improvement in the condition or strength of something
Example: the revival of trade. an echonomic revival. a revival of property values]

[forgery (n): the crime of copying money, documents, etc. in order to cheat people. {countable} something, for example a document, piece of paper money, etc., that has been copied in order to cheat people
Example: Experts are dismissing claims that the painting is a forgery.
	 If the signature on the deed is a forgery, the whole legal position changes.]

[exploit (v): exploit something (disapproving) to treat a person or situation as an opportunity to gain an advantage for yourself
Example: He exploited his father's name to get himself a job.
	 She realized that her youth and inexperience were being exploited.
	 The opposition parties will always exploit government problems to their own advantage.
		exploit somebody (disapproving) to treat somebody unfairly by making them work and not giving them much in return
Example: What is being done to stop employers from exploiting young people ?
	 The workers are ruthlessly exploited by their employers.
		exploit something to use something well in order to gain as much from it as possible
Example: She fully exploits the humour of her role in the play.
	 The company has been successful in exploiting new technology to the full
		to develop or use something for business or industry
Example: Exploit something No minerals have yet been exploited in Antarctica.
	 Exploit something for something countries exploiting the rainforests for hardwood.
	 Companies are moving in to exploit the natural resources of the area.		
]

[vaguely (adv): *in a way that is not detailed or exact.
Example: a vaguely worded statement.
	 I can vaguely remember my first day at school.
		*slightly
Example: There was something vaguely familiar about her face.
	 He was vaguely aware of footstep behind hime.
	 The story is only vaguely amusing
		*in a way that shows that you are not paying attention or thinking clearly
Example: He smiled vaguely, ignoring her questions.
	 I'll be in touch, she said vaguely
]

[intuition (n): *the ability to know something by using your feelings rather than considering the facts
Example: Intuition told her that he had spoken the truth.
	 He was guided by intuition and personal judgement.
	 The answer came to me in a flash of intuition.
		*[countable] intuition(that...) an idea or a strong feeling that something is true although you cannot explain why
Example: I had a intuition that something awful was about to happen.
]

[imperative (adj): very important and needing immediate attention or action
Example: Imperative(that...): It is absolutely imperative that we finish by next week.
	 Imperative(to do something) It is imperative to continue the treatment for at least two months
Expessing authority: an imperative tone
Only before noun: expressing an order: an imperative sentence
]